docs: align intro and readme translations (#330)
feature-sliced/documentation: website/i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/intro.md

# 🔎 Intro

> An architectural design methodology for *frontend projects*. It aims to [**divide an application according to business logic and scopes of responsibility.**][refs-splitting]

Reviewer: Думаю, можно взять прям полностью из ридмихи тогда да, прям начиная с "FeatureSliced is..."

Author: @azinit А FetureSliced может лучше писать через дефис? Feature-sliced

Reviewer: @michalenr

- Provides [**explicitness, controllability and adaptability**][refs-arch-req] of architecture

> - Based on [**experienced-checked**][refs-motivation-why] design practices and concepts

Reviewer: Очепятка)

Но мб тогда и здесь и в ридми заменить на `experience-tested`?

> По аналогии с `battle-tested`, так более правильно кмк

```suggestion
- Based on [**experience-tested**][refs-motivation-why] design practices and concepts
```

Author: Вообще, мне больше нравится time-tested. Experience-tested/checked звучит как калька с русского. Что скажешь?

Reviewer: Щас призову кого надо))

Reviewer: > Но чисто имхо - да, можно и "time-tested", но @KaraJovian получше подскажет

Reviewer: @feature-sliced/core ping

> - Based on [**time-tesed**][refs-motivation-why] design practices and concepts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Based on [**time-tested**][refs-motivation-why] design practices and concepts
```
